my piece and three words would be power
unity I'm thinking about the women that
I'm working with and drawing power out
of them the power that they have and if
it's almost learning a new technique for
all of them because it's really not
about what you look like but it's about
what we do with how effective this space
around you there's a resistance in the
movement because they're getting power
from resistance in their bodies that
relates a lot of the music that I'm
using I'm using a couple different punk
and hardcore bands
there's an effort quality of that music
that I see delayed the two forms and
there's also an attitude of define
which I'm interested in that comes out
through the effort and not only like
what you're literally saying but how
you're saying it
so as an alumni from the MFA program
here at Ohio State University the
Department of Dance I do I use a lot of
the language that I've learned here
because it's kind of a unifying tool the
music's really really classical
counterpoint this is kind of how I've
always moved but I never had the words
to describe it so clearly and distinctly
as that as I was able to gain during my
time here